Fix grammar, punctuation, and clarity issues in `test-handbook/team-reps/index.md` file (#133)
ironprogrammer/test-handbook: team-reps/index.md

The first step is to reach out to the community with a Call for Nominations, such as these examples from [2024](https://make.wordpress.org/test/2024/08/13/test-team-reps-call-for-nominations-4/) and [2025](https://make.wordpress.org/test/2025/08/14/test-team-reps-call-for-nominations-5/). Nominations are held each August, with the new term starting by September.

> Self-nominations are the primary way of getting into the elections list with a statement such as "I nominate myself for the Test Team Reps position." Also other Team Members could nominate someone else — for example, "I nominate @username for the Test Team Reps position" — but the nominee must accept the nomination before the nomination period ends to be valid. Just replying to the Call for Nominations post is sufficient to nominate oneself or someone else.

Reviewer: Would it improve the readability of this section if we devide it into paragraphs and remove emdashes?

```suggestion
Self-nominations are the primary way to get on the elections list. To nominate yourself, simply state: "I nominate myself for the Test Team Reps position."
Other Team Members may also nominate someone else, for example: "I nominate @username for the Test Team Reps position." However, the nominee must accept the nomination before the nomination period ends for it to be valid.
In both cases, replying to the Call for Nominations post is sufficient to submit a nomination.
```
